updating the source removal details (#11140)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/metadata-fields/source.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> While skipping the `_source` field can significantly reduce storage requirements, dynamically deriving the source is generally slower than reading a stored `_source`. To avoid this overhead during search queries, do not request the `_source` field when it's not needed. You can do this by setting the `_source` parameter to `false` in the search query. See following example:

Reviewer: Thanks for this. I wonder if it is worth pointing out that instead of setting `_source` to `false`, you could set its `include` and/or `exclude` lists?  Or maybe that is obvious from the contents earlier in this page 🤷 

```suggestion
While skipping the `_source` field can significantly reduce storage requirements, dynamically deriving the source is generally slower than reading a stored `_source`. To avoid this overhead during search queries, do not request the `_source` field when it's not needed. You can do this in the search query by setting the `_source` parameter to `false` or with a list of `include` and `exclude` fields. See following example:
```

> While skipping the `_source` field can significantly reduce storage requirements, dynamically deriving the source is generally slower than reading a stored `_source`. To avoid this overhead during search queries, do not request the `_source` field when it's not needed. You can do this in the search query by setting the `_source` parameter to `false` or with a list of `include` and `exclude` fields. See following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While skipping the `_source` field can significantly reduce storage requirements, dynamically deriving the source is generally slower than reading a stored `_source`. To avoid this overhead during search queries, do not request the `_source` field when it's not needed. You can do this in the search query by setting the `_source` parameter to `false` (demonstrated in the following example) or providing a list of `include` and `exclude` fields:
```
